docs: Add 2025-01-09 meeting notes (#557)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2025/2025-01-09.md

# 2025-01-09 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

[`2025-01-09-transcript.md`](2025-01-09-transcript.md)

## Attending

- Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
- Francesco Trotta (@fasttime) - TSC
- Milos Djermanovic (@mdjermanovic) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @sam3k took notes.

## Topics

### Statuses

* **@nzakas:** has been working on the `extends` RFC, the CSS plugin, and fixing the GitHub bot.

> * **@mdjermanovic:** fixed a bug with suggestions in `@eslint/markdow`n` and updated docs site to use flat config format in rule examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **@mdjermanovic:** fixed a bug with suggestions in `@eslint/markdown` and updated docs site to use flat config format in rule examples.
```

### RFC Duty
* Next week: @nzakas
* Jan 20: @mdjermanovic
* Jan 27: @fasttime

### GitHub bot was down earlier this week

We're still running on Node.js 16 and Octokit made some breaking changes in a minor release so the app just crashed. 

**Action Items:** 

* @nzakas is in the process of updating the bot to run on Node.js 22 and should have it ready by next week. 
* @nzakas is going to remove some of the old plugins that are in there that we don't have enabled to reduce the amount of work.

### [Browser tests](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/19234)

We're at the point now where the browser tests always fail and are useless. We need to prioritize moving to a different tool.

**Action Items:** 

* @fasttime will look into Cypress as a replacement

## [Contributor Pool December 2024](https://github.com/issues?q=org%3Aeslint+label%3A%22contributor+pool%22+merged%3A2024-12-01..2024-12-31)

- @hildjj: $250 for eslint/json#69 eslint/json#70 eslint/json#71
- @yeonjuan: $100 for eslint/eslint#19200
- @ntnyq: $100 for eslint/eslint#19168
- @aryaemami59: $200 for eslint/eslint#19050

> ### Scheduled release for January 9th, 2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scheduled release for January 10th, 2025
```
